Born to Maria Karolina Rolufs who changed her name to Mary Clémentine Rolufs who was said to be illegitimate but provable from the red-haired brother of the King of Dänemark and Norway, Christian VIII. Her maternal grandmother is mentioned in the Lorenz Brären Book as being a "pretty woman" by the King Christian VIII himself and "he distinguished her" as such while they were living on the Frisian Islands. Oral family history states that the King of Dänemark and Norway, Christian VIII himself said "she is the most beautiful woman I have ever seen". So beautiful in fact that the entire Islands of Amrum, Föhr and the Royal House of Dänemark itself were demanded to record the King's specific statements about her in a few books.

Frisians are touted as being the fairest and most beautiful of all of the Scandinavian Race. Mary married George Washington Jennings in Oklahoma Territory. Georgia's mother Mary Clémentine Rolufs whose name was changed from Maria Karolina Rolufs to Mary Clémentine Rolufs was born in Missouri and held dual German-American Citizenships because Mary's parents did not become American Citizens until after Mary Clémentine Rolufs was born ( 1880 ).

Her parents arrived in The U.S. in 1876 and were not Sworn in as U.S. Citizens until after Mary was born and thus Mary inherited German Citizenship by the right of the blood ( Jus' Sanguinis ) and American Citizenship by the right of birth as well as other citizenships due to the laws of these countries in that time period concerning citizenships.

Mary Clémentine Rolufs and her parents were technically Frisian – Danish – German Citizens because the noble and Royal families of Dänemark, Deutschland and Nêderlan came to own the Frisian Islands during their time ( 19th Century ) which is where her parents were born.

They were ethnically Frisian people who spoke the Frisian Language which is an ancient and present-day minority language spoken by approximately ~10,000 Frisian people today. This makes Georgia a European minority and all of her children and grand children are also part of this Frisian minority. Frisians historically were highly sought after by European Royalty.

A letter which was found in my grand-mother's belongings describes Mary as having lush, deep red hair and this was inherited by most of her children and grandchildren which apparently is a Viking gene. There is a big difference between Scandinavian red hair and red hair from other population groups who are not Scandinavian.

Mary's mother was said to have red hair and she did not have 1 gray hair in her old age. She made multiple trips back to the Frisian Islands from the United States by ship.

Frisia and the Frisian Islands were once a very large country but much of the land was flooded in the 18th and the 17th centuries as well as gradually before that. The country has since been divided to the noble and Royal families of Dänemark, Deutschland and Nêderlan and then reestablished as an independent and sovereign country many times throughout its history.

Mary Clémentine Rolufs traceable parents were Jürgen Arian Rolufs and Elise Christine Henrietta Bohne. Both were from the Frisian Islands and were of Danish – Norwegian – Western-German – Scandinavian – Frisian ancestral descent.

Jürgen and Elise came to the United States and settled in Missouri where they were given land. Mary's mother changed her name from Maria Karolina Rolufs to Mary Clémentine Rolufs.

When they lived on the Island of Föhr in the Frisian Islands they owned and lived in a large beach house down the road from a vacation house owned and frequented by Christian VIII, The King of Dänemark and Norway as well as his brother Frederick VII and all of the families children played together. Christian VIII was said to enjoy the beach water each day he vacationed there.

The Frisian Islands still to this day are frequented by many people during vacation where the Northern Frisian Islands are the largest and most cultured. Some of the Frisian Islands are still uninhabited today. The Rolufs Family owned horses, carriages and other properties. They were forced to leave their homeland due to the immense flooding of these islands. Jürgen's son taught in the original School of Mines. Jürgen became the Postmaster of Clementine, Phelps County of the U.S. State of Missouri prior to his death and Elise became the Postmistress of Clementine, Phelps County of the U.S. State of Missouri.

Georgia and her father George Washington Jennings are directly ( Direct-Lineal ) descended from Michael Antoine Garoutte-Lascour who was an American and French Revolutionary War Patriot as well as a member of the First nobility of Provence in the Kingdom of France through his daughter Bethia Garoutte and her husband Archebel "Archibald McAfee" MacAfee. Michael Antoine Garoutte-Lascour's sister married the Baron of Signes, Kingdom of France. Their grand-sons married into the British Royal Family by marrying Ladies of the 6th Earl of Essex, Royal and noble House of Capell.

Michael Antoine Garoutte-Lascour's maternal grand-father was the Baron Henri de Lascour, Royal and noble House of Lascour. Henri de Lascour's uncle was the personal priest and 1st cousin of Louis XIV, the Sun King meaning that de Lascour descends directly from the King of France, Louis IX through his great grandmother.

James Jennings married Elizabeth MacAfee ( the daughter of Bethia Garoutte and Archebel MacAfee. Her father was Michael Antoine Garoutte ) and Elizabeth's aunt Sophia Garoutte ( the sister of Bethia Garoutte ) married John Sevier, Junior who was the son of John Sevier, Senior who was the first Governor of the State of Tennessee and its Founding Father.

Georgia Hiawatha Jennings name and her marriage to Ralph Samuel Wood and his name are mentioned in a book titled "The French and American History of Michael Garoutte and His Descendants" on page: 60, a book for which there are three editions. The most recent edition published in 1975 by Ellan Douglas Thiesen with a supplemented edition to that book published in 1985. There is also a private edition of another book with more information and detailed histories of these historically important people.

These books that have her name in them keep track of bloodlines that are in line to inherit certain hereditary titles of nobility and estates in France, England, Scotland as well as in other countries. Her name is also listed in several other genealogy books. Hereditary Peerages of France and of England, Earldoms, Viscounthoods and Baronial Titles of England, Baronial Fiefs and Baronial Titles of France and of England, Counthoods of France and of England, Marquisates of France, Landed Gentry of France and more. Not all can be named in this article, but is now easily researched.

Also through the Jennings bloodlines is found more American Patriots who fought in several military campaigns in the American Revolutionary Wars, the War of 1812 and the American Civil War as well as bloodlines to other Royal and noble houses in Europe. This makes them 1st, 2nd, 3rd and 4th as well as other degrees of blood-cousins to numerous Royal and noble families in Europe.

Through the Garoutte ancestry a researcher will find her direct, direct-lineal and other lines to nobility and Royalty of France and England. Both James Jennings and his son Martin Van Buren Jennings knew and fought alongside U.S. President Andrew Jackson in several military campaigns as this information is mentioned in their personal effects with verified correspondence. James Jennings named his son after Martin Van Buren.

Another relative of Georgia Hiawatha Jennings ( James Jennings' sister Mary Elizabeth Jennings' husband Samuel Kelly ) participated in military campaigns alongside U.S. President Andrew Jackson namely at the Battle of Horseshoe Bend during the War of 1812 and he was later pensioned for that military service. James Jennings who married Elizabeth MacAfee ( who was the daughter of Bethia Garoutte ) received a land grant in Tennessee for originally 3,475 acres according to Land and Grant records in Tennessee where he ran a plantation. The family later owned roughly half of the State of
Tennessee with the Sevier-Garoutte Family, MacAfee-Garoutte Family and Jennings Family, approximately ~400,000 acres.

Bethia Garoutte and her husband donated roughly 400 acres of land to their church. When the American Civil War military campaigns began, James Jennings sons fought on different sides of the conflict. Some of the family participated in military campaigns for the Union and others for the South.

The Jennings like many other families gradually moved more and more west generation after generation. Though it hasn't been proved yet it is suspect that there is a blood connection to the founder of the town named Jennings in the U.S. State of Missouri. The town Clementine in Missouri was named after Mary.

Georgia's parents named Georgia's middle name Hiawatha because there was a tradition of notable naming in this Jennings line and because some of her neighboring farmers who were good friends of the Jennings did not like Native American Indians and on one of their visits to the Jennings Family Farm House they continually talked badly about Native American Indians so George decided to name their new daughter Georgia Hiawatha Jennings at birth to make their Indian disliking neighbors angry.

When they had returned months later to visit again they learned that George's new baby girl was named Georgia Hiawatha Jennings and so the story is that made them furious.

Georgia Hiawatha Jennings did not have any Indian blood at all whatsoever and this has been thoroughly investigated from parent to parent back to ~1500. A letter written by Georgia mentions she disliked her middle name. Other letters we investigated did not lead to any Native American Indians.

Some of this information was told to me by my grand-mother Carolyn and it is also mentioned in letters I found in her belongings. Georgia's mother Mary Clémentine Rolufs contracted a flu roughly two years after Georgia was born and by that time Mary was with child again and the flu killed her and the unborn child during the first World War where there was a kind of "Swine Flu / Spanish Flu" going around. The Spanish Flu killed a lot of people. Mary herself also made multiple trips to the Frisian Islands by ship from the United States. Georgia made numerous trips to her grand-mother's estate in Missouri.

Georgia's first and valid Catholic marriage was to Ralph Samuel Wood in Oklahoma who
served in the U.S. Navy in World War II in the SeaBees. Her second marriage is valid in all
Protestant faiths regardless of the Faith ( Catholic ) of her second husband. Georgia converted to Catholicism from Lutheranism. Georgia was born on her Jennings Family Farm in Oklahoma and her two daughters were partly raised up on the Stokely Family Farm in Tulsa, Oklahoma. This Stokely Family Farm was acquired in the Sooner Land Rush. The Sooner Land Rush was a land rush that was given to American families several years before the Oklahoma Land Rush most likely due to military services. Allie Stokely was born in Tennessee.

The Stokely Family founded what became the Stokely Canning Company which was later bought out by Van Kamp's Canning Company. This company sometimes releases cans to the grocery stores today as a special edition with the brand "Stokely Canning Co."

Georgia's mother Mary Clémentine Rolufs died when Georgia was two and half years old. She was partly raised up by her aunt Rowena and her uncle Harold and she was brought up learning the German and Frisian Languages by her cousins and her siblings.

Georgia has two daughters with Ralph Samuel Wood, my grand-mother Carolyn Joyce Wood and a living Wood. One child with her second husband. After Ralph Samuel Wood died in Oklahoma and well into the "Dust Bowl" like many other Oklahomans she moved to Rosedale, California with her two
daughters after her relatives had settled in Rosedale, California.

She later bought a house in Rexland Acres, California which was once the "Good" side of town in those decades. She then met and married her second husband Joseph Luther and has another child.

The name on the headstone says Georgia Luther because she retained the Luther name in death, but her maiden name is Jennings. She was however married a third time to Temple but no children came from this marriage.

Georgia was a Registered Nurse and she saved the lives of hundreds of people during her career working at different hospitals including K.M.C. Hospital in East Bakersfield, California. She saved the lives of and cared for many people, including film actors and actresses. She lived in Bakersfield, Rexland Acres as well as in Los Angeles, California.

Georgia spoke English and fluent German as well as some Frisian because her mother spoke German and Frisian at home with her other children and even though her mother died while Georgia was very young she picked up speaking German and Frisian from her siblings. She was mostly raised by her family on her father's side and she was also raised by her family on her mother's side after her mother died.

Georgia was a very kind and loving mother and grand-mother. My mother remembers her very well and my grand-mother would always say great things about her. She died of brain cancer at U.C.L.A. in Los Angeles County, California in 1977 and she was buried in Hillcrest Memorial Park in East Bakersfield, California. She was a Catholic of the Latin Rite.

The Frisian ancestors we come from are buried all across the graveyards in the Frisian Islands and Nordfriesland. Many of them were Catholics and some of them were Lutherans. Others were documented and recorded as practicing a kind of Frisian Paganism by the Catholic Church as well as different Church communities there in Frisia.
