This article began being written on 09/14/2026

This article will be placed into the Arctic World Archive so that in the future everyone everywhere can dispel the myths of Native Americans and so that everyone will
know who the real Native Americans are now and who the real Native Americans were historically. This information needs to be put online so that in the future people can easily see through the fabricated history about America and the fabricated history about Native Americans from area to area. In this article I will prove wrong the entire system in place about Native Americans and whites and I will prove that all of the Native American Nations and Native American Governments in Oklahoma and in anywhere else in the country are completely fake. The only real Native Americans left live in that lands that are now known as California, Nevada, Arizona and New Mexico and the countries of Mexico and South America. Most populations in all other areas outside of the lands that are now known as California, Nevada, Arizona and New Mexico and the countries of Mexico and South America are not Native American or could have partial Native American ancestry, but that is highly unlikely due to the sad reality of how even white people had to travel along the rivers on horses and in ships to find new areas to build the first towns. If the rivers don't connect, you can't get there. If there are no roads to drive on in a vehicle, you can't get there. If there are no cleared dirt roads to travel on by riding a horse, you can't get there. Even if you are on foot or on a horse you can only go so far away from a river before you die ( usually between 20 and 40 miles ) and this is because there is no water anywhere else except for in a river and rivers only lead to certain livable areas and they only lead up to the source of the river which is an area that is usually too cold and this cold area leads to death because it is too cold and you can't start a fire there. If it snows or rains it makes all of the leaves, twigs and wood in the area wet.. if it is wet then you cannot use it to start a fire and you die from lack of warmth... if it is snowing then there are no animals because the animals have already left in the summer time to places where it does not drop below negative 10 degrees farenheit usually. This is called migration of different kinds of animals.. they always stay in areas that are warm enough to live and survive. If it snows and freezes then the water also freezes and if the water freezes you cannot drink it because it is frozen and you also can't start a fire to melt it.

The U.S. Government is smart.. they defrauded and killed Native Americans everywhere they built their towns... they wrote entirely fabricated histories about Native Americans and themselves.. If you were born in the areas that are now known as Oklahoma in the 1940s or before there was absolutely no record of your birth even if you were white. They also created phony genealogies and phony pictures for Native Americans later on after the real invention date of the camera and this is because if you were a Native American born in the lands that are now known as Oklahoma in the 1930s or before then you did not have any documentation of the birth and the parents were not documented... Native Americans did not write down the names of their parents because they lived on the rivers in small settlements they built where they fished for food, drank water out of the river and captured animals to eat. If you were born in the areas that are now known as New Mexico in the 1930s or before there was absolutely no record of your birth. All white people had little pieces of land as they settled them from area to area along the rivers in the lands that are now known as Oklahoma. Genealogy is completely fake because it is impossible that they recorded and matched names back then and pictures claiming to be taken before the 1940s and the 1950s in most areas are also fake because of the availability of the kinds of cameras during this time. Native Americans were born along the rivers because that's where they lived. Why ? Because it's impossible to live anywhere else even if you're white. Take a good long look at the satellite images of the United States... all cities and all settlements even today are near rivers. Why ? Because it's impossible to live anywhere else. Why ? Becuase there is NO WATER ANYWHERE ELSE EXCEPT FOR BY RIVERS EVEN IN THE GROUND.

People get confused when doing genealogy research because they don't know real history and they are not mentally based in reality. People always look to try to match up records from parent to parent but what they might finally realize is that if you were born in the areas of what is now known as Oklahoma before the 1940s there was absolutely no record of your birth.. many Native Americans were adopted by white families and given white names. Records are completely fabricated by the government and by the whites because they don't want Native Americans to organize to get the land back.

In the lands now known as Oklahoma and Northern New Mexico many Native American children and babies were killed by whites or taken away from their parents by whites. When the whites cut down and killed Native Americans along the rivers they used swords to kill them and sometimes the children and the babies would also be killed or taken and given to white families. The Native Americans could not easily fight back against the whites because they did not have swords. Most Native American women were raped by white men and during these times there was no birth control and therefore if a woman was raped she was absolutely impregnated. Most Native American men and women were forced into slavery by whites by forcing them onto ships floating on the rivers that would take them to the towns along the rivers built by the whites after the 1880s in what is now known as Oklahoma. It was permitted in Christian warfare which were the ways of the whites, to rape Native American women. In the 1870s and the 1880s in the lands that are now known as Oklahoma and based on the abundance of resources that are known now from river to river there, one can conclude that there were at least ~75,000 Native Americans living there in the entire territory.

Train tracks cannot be laid down unless there are workers and an abundance of iron rails and wood in the carts filled with food and drinks to feed the workers who slowly lay down the train tracks day by day and year by year until it reaches the end of the tracks and the food supplies must be placed onto the carts from the previous town and sent up the rails to the workers who slowly lay down more train tracks to go further and the food only lasts for so long before they have to go back to get more. In order for there to be train tracks there must be a iron mine nearby and a place to refine the iron into steel because you cannot transport iron by hand or by horseback because it is too heavy. Iron processing requires fire and other techniques to process it and therefore the areas to process it must be near an iron mine. This proves that the whites did not begin laying down train tracks in these areas until after the 1930s because of where the iron mines were and are now today and because of how hard it is even today to move the iron to a location to refine it.

The ways that they really found new areas to build towns was by following the rivers. This reality proves wrong all of the histories written down by whites today and by people claiming to be Native Americans in Oklahoma, but they are not Native Americans at all whatsoever in any way shape or form... the Trail of Tears is also fake because the rivers do not connect in the ways they show and therefore they could not have walked from Tennessee into Oklahoma because they would have died from lack of water. The first towns in what is now known as Oklahoma were built 

My paternal grandfather was at least 1/2 Native American of the areas that are now known as Oklahoma which was formerly known as Indian Territory in the early 1930s. 99% of the history is completely fake because it was written by the whites. All Native Americans had to live by rivers from the point in time of when they arrived in the lands that are now known as America up until the 1840s... because if anyone walks too far away from a river they will die because there is no more water to drink and there is no more food to eat anywhere. It is all wilderness everywhere where there are no rivers, even today... even back then as far back as the 1840s.. all whites also built the first towns near rivers and waters in what is now known as Tennessee and Oklahoma today.. because that is the only way they could have survived. The rivers are where all of the animals go to drink water and to eat other animals... if not, then they die.

Native Americans could only use stone tools from the point in time of when they arrived in the lands now known as America up until about the 1840s. The reason they could
only use stone tools was because of the fact that it was the whites that brought iron technologies into the lands now known as America... iron technologies would be
steel knives, swords, rifles, etc. The first lands settled by the whites in the areas now known as the United States of America were in what is now known as Tennessee. All of the history is fabricated by the U.S. Government and the whites.

This article will also show everyone who the fake Native Americans are. It will set the facts straight on when the Europeans actually arrived in the lands now known as America.. and it will prove wrong nearly all of the European written histories in America, about America and about Native Americans. It is more than likely that based on comparing the inconsistencies in the documentation that supports the claims of the histories from area to area and also by using reality as a fact, that means that the Europeans probably first discovered America in the summer of 1793 when British / English and Danish explorers sailed in ships made of wood, manufactured in shipyards in the island of England and possibly in Denmark shipyards who then assembled a crew and set sail to Iceland and then to Greenland where they first saw the tip of America, what they later named "New Found Land" which is an English phrase which indicates that it was named by English speakers, not French or Spanish... this phrase later became abbreviated as: Newfoundland. This naming included land masses above what is now known as Newfoundland, but was later annexed into a smaller territory now known as Newfoundland above Nova Scotia, a smaller area. Nova Scotia could mean "New Scotland" or New Land in a language that is not English.

Why would it have been the summer of 1793 ? Because of the routes and waves of exploration and settlement on the island of Iceland... which is supposedly about 500 miles from the island of England... since all of the information and the records about it is inconsistent that means that one can extract the truth from that by comparing that information to reality of maritime and sailing in a wooden ship with sails with enough food and river water to last the crew for the journey there and the journey back during this time in the late 1700s and the early 1800s. If it is true that the Danish reached Greenland in the 1750s and also sailed back to Iceland for more supplies and a return to the island of England then it is also true that they had another approximately ~43 years from the 1750s to 1793 until they found "Newfoundland".

The only thing each country and each area within each country can do at this point is alter their already fabricated historical records to support future fictitious claims, but at this exact point in time most of this truth can be proven with reality.

During these decades and according to the history the English were at war with the Irish and no Irish people were permitted to serve in any English Naval Forces with rank or at all. The Danish, Nowegians and the Frisians of the Frisian Islands during this time were at constant war with the Slavics and all Russians.. all Slavics and all Russians would be captured and killed by the Norwegian and the Danish from 1600 onward. Slavics were not permitted to serve in the Danish Naval Forces. This means that the Danish and the English probably first discovered America in the summer of 1793 based on the documentation for when the ships were made in the shipyards in England, but only if that information is true.

Decades later in the early 1820s and the 1830s when the steam ship technologies were invented ( The first steamship was supposedly built in England in approximately 1830 ) to travel long distance by ship, the Spanish later took Central and South America and the English and the French took the east coast areas of North America. The warmer areas that support easy life up to 8 - 9 months out of the year are now all of the eastern U.S. States that are halfway below the Carolinas and much of the parts of what is now known as Tennessee. America is more than likely a Latin word that means "New Land" or "New World".

Greenland was supposedly called Gronland by the Danish which supposedly means Greenland in Danish or "Green Island". In the summer time many parts of Greenland is green, but food cannot be grown there and there is not much animal life, if at all. 

If the previous is not true then it is more than likely that America was discovered after the invention of the metal steam ship in England after the 1830s since it would probably be impossible to travel from England to Iceland then to Greenland then to a coastal area of America that is warm enough to immediately provide food and water from a river to the passengers / explorers of the wooden ship.. and it is also impossible for a wooden ship to travel any route from England to the coasts of America across the Atlantic Ocean because of several different realities.. then that also means that America would have actually been discovered after the invention of the metal steam ship in England and the means to contain food and river water where it would last long enough to feed the passengers / crew to reach the coasts of America, but if that is true then how did they know about the landmass at all at that point in time ? They couldn't have. We also now know and can prove that ancestral genealogies are fake or partially fake due to several different realities.. like the ability of recording of information and records did not really exist in America from area to area until after pens and ink were in circulation in communities with access to papers or the means to write the information down on something.. and it actually being preserved in some place that could not be altered at a later time.. usually most people only know the names of their great grandparents or great great grandparents and their origins.. if that is even true information at all. Information and stories being passed down need to be verified with reality and there are so many fabricated histories everywhere.

In order to prove that the first steam ship was built in England after approximately 1830 and to prove there was no steamship and no metal ship in existence before that one must carefully examine the documentation of the Naval history of the United Kingdom and compare all of the dates and information as well as compare that information to the iron mines in France and India and Morocco. One will find that they brought the iron from these places into the island of England after approximately 1830 so the iron could be experimented with to invent the first metal ship because before 1830 they did not have enough iron to do it. If they did have enough iron before the 1830s then they would have built one before that, and they didn't.

All Native Americans, especially just up to 10 years before the arrival of Europeans, had to live by rivers that they could drink water out of every day because they didn't dig wells anywhere at all or build settlements anywhere except for by rivers where they could get fresh water every day to drink.. It is impossible to drink water from a frozen lake or from a frozen river or from the ocean.. the ocean has salt water in it and it cannot be drank. If one drinks ocean water for more than 2 days then that person dies. Where it freezes ( +30 degrees farenheit ) it usually also snows at some point and this means that fire cannot be started in any area where it snows or where it rains because the snow and the rain makes everything ( leaves, twigs, wood ) in the area wet... if it is moist or wet then no fires can be started. Even if a tribe managed to save hundreds to thousands of twigs and dry leaves and burnable things in the area during the summer time and save it into an enclosure one still could not start a fire with it in the winter because it gets wet and moist anyway. If one were to build a house under the earth halfway in the summer time the materials saved in it still get moist in the winter time and cannot be used to start a fire.

This means that Native Americans did not live where it snowed or froze over such as in all of what is now known as Canada, New York, etc. Why ? Because it's impossible. In these places in the winter time up to 5+ feet of snow falls and the temperatures drop to negative -30 degrees farenheit in most of those areas... during this time of year all of the lakes freeze over and all of the rivers freeze over... since those things freeze over then no one could get water out of it or drink it cold in the negative -30 degrees farenheit weather because it would freeze the body because there is absolutely no warmth and the body would slowly die. There are no animals to capture or eat during these months.. because they migrate to warmer areas toward the end of summer, usually at a speed of 30+ miles per hour. Some animals do hibernate, but not all. There is no food to gather during the winter in these places and therefore it is impossible to live there without White technologies and domesticated animals and farming... which is something the Native Americans did not have and even if one does have White technologies it is still very difficult to live there in the winter months, even today. Food can only be grown with sunlight and with water and only if it is warm enough in the area to do so.. this is usually only 2 - 3 months out of every year in most of these places where it drops to negative -30 degrees farenheit in the winter time... in freezing temperatures all crops die and so do any animals including cows because there is nothing for the animals to eat and there would not be enough food from a food grow to feed the people / person to survive the winter. The cows can eat the grasses, but they would still die from freezing temperatures and from sickness and one would not be able to cook the meat of the animals because they would not be able to start a fire to do it. One can only walk at the most 18 - 21 miles per day at a speed of 3 - 4 miles per hour. That means that in about 40+ days one can walk about 250 - 320 miles at the most because by every 7th day one must also rest for 24 hours.

Only so much captured food can be carried on one person and only so much water can be carried in a pouch made from animal hide before needing more. This means that tribes that migrated by foot did it slowly and had to also capture food along the way in their migrations, but they could only go so far in 24 hours ( up to 21 miles per day by foot ) and they could only travel by river. Why ? Because if a human person travels too far away from a river they will die from lack of water to drink and a lack of food to eat. This means that any Native Americans in these areas today where the temperatures drop to below +35 degrees farenheit and negative -30 degrees fareneheit such as in Canada, New York, etc.. were brought there between the 1930s and the 1960s from other places in America, probably as work slaves and then freed on the next generation. Even the languages that they claim are their languages don't match ( syllables and characters ).. or they are entirely fake and fabricated by the whites that settled there now.

One human must consume at the very least 8 ounces of food per day without moving and if moving one must consume at the very least 1 LBS of food or greater per day. If not then that person gradually loses weight and strength when expending daily energy and will drop weight to between ~90 LBS and ~130 LBS. If one loses too much weight and energy they can no longer easily capture animals because they will not be physically capable to do so and if they can't do that then they die from starvation.

If a human only eats fruits for more than 3 - 6 months the body weight drops to between ~90 LBS and ~130 LBS especially if expending energy each day, and the same will happen if only eating vegetables or only eating vegetables and fruits. All humans need meat with fat, fruits and vegetables and water in order to supply the body with all of the vitamins needed to continue on to the next day and to build up weight and strength. They might show you videos of " Native Americans " living in freezing temperatures in the snow and ice, but I assure you it is fake. It is not possible to live in those areas before White technologies... this means that before European arrival absolutely no one lived there.. not even Native Americans... there is nothing in those areas that can be used to make a knife such as from stone or even a spear from wood. There is no wildlife in these areas when they are frozen over and because of that anyone in that would die within less than 1 week of gradual freezing. Native Americans did not live in Ohio or Michigan or New York or Canada. It was untouched land. Much of the histories of Native Americans is fabricated by the U.S. Government and by whites and by fake Native American tribes, but it began being fabricated after the 1940s with the invention of the U.S. Federal Government in the 1950s. Previously the U.S. Federal Government did not exist.

Many areas within the U.S. are erroneously named Native American words that are not real Native American words or are Native American words that were encountered by the whites that was spoken to them by the Native Americans in what became known as Tennessee after the 1850s, but these names of areas and towns are not the correct words attributed to the real language of the real Native Americans. The whites still do not know the true history and the true languages of the real Native Americans because after they killed most of them by the rivers where they lived they then used what they knew about them to name areas within the U.S. after the 1930s. There was a scientific movement of the 1970s within the U.S. where White scientists began efforts to preserve the history of Native Americans. Entire Native American languages today are fake and fabricated by the Whites and the languages have Arab words in them and words in them from India, invented by White linguists in Oklahoma to hide the genocide of the Native Americans that were killed there by the rivers. Native Americans are depicted with Arab culture and with culture from India by the Whites, but they didn't have any of that culture because the Native Americans never had contact with the Arab or with people from India. Native Americans did not have beads before European arrival. Native Americans did not wear Arab or Indian ( From India ) head garbs or clothing. It is an invention of the whites to create this for fake Native American tribes. The British would call any native people that they encountered outside of India ( Indians ) because it was a racial slur similar to nigger.

How To Prove That The Europeans Did Not Actually Begin Arriving In America Until After The 1830s ? Because of What A Wooden Ship Is Made of and Food Supplies Don't Last
A wooden ship is made of wood. Wooden ships were made in shipyards in the island of England usually with trees from Ireland, Scotland, England and nearby places and treated with different things before the invention of the iron ship and the metal steam ship in approximately the year 1830. Wooden ships with sails could only go so far even with a large crew because wooden ships with sails can only travel as fast as the wind carries the sails combined with the weight of the ship, which is usually only up to 15 miles per hour on average. Ships will never sail in 1 direction at any speed because the wind does not only blow in 1 direction at any given speed for any fixed amount of time. The distance between England and Iceland supposedly is anywhere between 500 miles and 1,100 miles.

Any supplies that are brought onto a wooden ship such as food and drinkable water ( from a river in England / Ireland ) will expire and cannot be consumed after a certain amount of time. All water from any river in the island of England / Scotland and Ireland and anywhere else would form bacteria on the water after about 14 - 20 days and would no longer be drinkable. Rain water can be collected and drank on a ship in the ocean, but the rain water still has some salt in it and would need to be contained in something and it still wouldn't be enough to survive.

If the river water from the island of England / Scotland and Ireland or even Iceland is placed into a container it would still form bacterias in the water after about 14 - 20 days and if it were consumed after that point it would make the person sick and slowly kill them from losing strength. One cannot drink water out of the ocean because it is salt water and one cannot only eat fish from the ocean because if you do then you die after about ~20 days due to lack of vitamins would make the body so weak that it dies. One cannot start a fire on a wooden ship to cook any food or fish because it's impossible to start one due to the humidity, rain and because everything burnable would get wet anyway... even inside of a cabin. If burnable materials are wet or humid or moist in the cold of the ocean.. then it cannot be burned to start a fire. One cannot eat only raw fish for more than ~23 days or the person will die from lack of vitamins, the entire body becomes so weak that it collapses and dies. At this rate it takes about 3 - 6 months to sail 5,600 miles in a wooden ship with sails so that means it is impossible that they went further than Greenland or Newfoundland in the summer of 1793 because there wouldn't have been anything there for them to collect to build to stay and eat and survive the winter. This also means that it is impossible that they crossed the Atlantic Ocean from any European ports to sail to east coasts of America because there are not enough food supplies to last the crew for the journey and they would all die from starvation and lack of drinkable water.. no islands in the atlantic have any food or animals for meat.

Supposedly the first metal steam ship / metal steam boat was built in the island of England in approximately the year ~1830 with iron delivered to England that was mined from the countries of India and France and Morocco. Only a steam ship / steam boat could have made the journey to carry passengers / a crew with enough food supplies that would actually last long enough to not expire and to feed the people on the ship where they could live long enough to travel from point to point from the island of England to the island of Greenland to the to the East Coast of what became known as America. The ship was not built in America because there were no people here in America to mine any mines to mine out the iron needed to build it and the mines did not exist yet anyway.. so this further proves that the Europeans were not here in America yet before the ~1830s. The first mines with iron that were discovered by the Whites in America were discovered and began being mined from the mines in around the year ~1850 maybe near the Eastern U.S. States. We know this could be true because it is probably true that mines in Missouri began being mined in around the 1880s to the early 1900s. Supposedly metal steam ships / metal steam boats can travel up to 8 - 14 miles per hour and if this is true then at this rate one can sail from the island of England to the island of Iceland ( if it is true that the ocean distance between these 2 islands is ~500 miles ) at 8 miles per hour * 24 hour days = 192 miles per 24 hours.. and this means that a metal steam ship could reach the shores of Iceland from England in 3 days... and from there it could reach Eastern Greenland shores ( supposedly an ocean water distance of ~900 miles ) maybe 5 more days after that, but the steam ship would need continuous materials to burn and could not get moist or wet in the humidity of the ocean weather and there would need to be the means to burn it and there would have to be enough of it to burn. So that means this scenario is probably fake because they still did not have the technologies to reach the east coasts of America with a steam ship / steam boat at all in the early 1800s.

What is a Native American ?
Native Americans are any person who biologically descends from people who lived within the continent of what is now widely known as America before the arrival of any other peoples such as the Europeans... foster-ship of a non-Native American into a Native American Tribe does not make that person a Native American unless they marry in and have offspring... Only biologically descended people from biological Native Americans are actual Native Americans.

Who Has Rights To The Lands of America ?
Only a person who is actually biologically descended from a real Native American has a right to the lands now known as America, but only in the places where their ancestors actually lived and spoke an authentic Native American language.

How am I part Native American by blood ?
My biological grandfather was part Native American by blood, born in Oklahoma Indian Territory and who traveled to Kern County, California during the Oklahoma Dust Bowl.. My great grandmother Georgia Hiawatha Jennings was also a small amount of Native American by blood from Oklahoma Indian Territory.. I have more, but since many know these names now and not the other ones I will not mention them here.

Oklahoma was not actually a ratified State of the Union until after the 1930s.. Oklahoma did not record the birth information of anyone that was born there until after the 1950s and the 1960s and the 1970s because there were no hospitals in Oklahoma until after the 1950s and most whites were born on family farms that recorded the birth information of the children into the family bible. Family bibles cost a lot of money back then between 1890 and the 1940s it was a luxury and not everyone had one. There were no schools, there were no train tracks, there were no trains, there were no cars. The first gasoline vehicle was invented in the 1930s. Most farmers and farmer families ate all of the food that they grew on their farms.

Who can a real Native American prove that they are a Native American ?
Documentation cannot prove that a Native American is a Native American.. only the natural adult teeth and natural hair and natural facial features can prove that a Native American is a Native American or that a person is part Native American by blood.

What Did Native Americans Have and Not Have Before European Contact and Inventions ?
Native Americans did not have guns or metal knives, they did not have bows and arrows, they did not have horses, they did not have pigs, sheep, goats, cows
or any kind of European animals.. they did not hold animals captive for farming, they did not dig into the earth for water, and only certain places within an area
can be dug into to get water. They did not have beads or vests made of beads because beads are a European invention. Native Americans built stone knives and the power of fire was a heavily guarded secret. Flint rocks do not occur naturally in any rivers or in any locations.. flint rocks are mined from the earth and were discovered by Europeans. Native Americans did not have flint rocks.

Where Did Native Americans Actually Live and Not Live Before European Arrival ?
It is impossible to live in freezing temperatures without White technologies and techniques. Native Americans could not go far from drinkable water ( fresh water rivers ) and food sources because they were on foot without horses because horses were brought over to the Americas by ship after the 1830s. Since a human being can only walk non-stop up to 18 - 21 miles per day before the need to rest.. and this usually costs up to 6 hours of one day this means that all Native Americans lived by rivers with drinkable water and streams that supported life because all animals would also live in the same places so they could eat other animals and drink water. Native Americans did not live on the beaches or the coasts before European arrival because there are no drinkable water sources on the beaches or the coasts and they also did not live in the deserts unless there was a river they could drink from every day and they did not live in freezing temperature climate areas because it is not possible to survive in it. This means Eskimos are fake and it also means Hawaiians are fake because there is no drinkable river water on Hawaii.. it is all salt water. There is no such thing as a native Hawaiian.. the Hawaiian people were brought there to the Hawaiin islands probably between the 1860s and the 1920s by white slavers who picked them up in asia with black slaves and put them to work. Hawaii were empty islands and could not feed or support any native human population because there is no drinkable water on the islands.. it is all salt water rivers. There was no animal life. Everything was brought to Hawaii at a later time by ship.

How To Prove The Trail of Tears Is Fake ?
Because the distance between Eastern Tennessee and Eastern Oklahoma today is roughly 600 miles by driving on man made roads. If it were true that Native Americans were forced to walk or ride a horse to Indian Territory from Tennessee this would mean that they would still need to travel by rivers and waters so that they could eat and drink on the way there or they would die from starvation and dehydration. It takes up to 40+ days to walk the man made roads from Eastern Tennessee to Eastern Oklahoma today at the speed of 3 - 4 miles per hour and one human can only walk up to 18 - 21 miles per day before the need to eat and rest. This takes approximately 6 hours to walk 18 - 21 miles. One must also rest for a full 24 hours every 1 and 1/2 week to recover from the walking. If there is no food or water one cannot continue the journey. The rivers do not connect in Tennessee to Oklahoma because they are broken up and one cannot walk along them to get there and during this time much of the land was forested. Horses need to eat and drink and rest. The roads back then didn't connect. There were no routes to walk or ride a horse. It took up to 6 months or longer to navigate the lands on foot or by horse to travel from what is now known as Eastern Tennessee to what was known as Indian Territory ( Now Tahlequah ) by going from water area to water area and while also hunting for food to eat every day. The whites would have never entered into the lands known as Indian Territory by the whites during these times because they would have been killed by Native Americans. Any lands west of the borders of Tennessee were known as Indian Territory by the whites and the borders of Tennessee gained more territory west as the whites slowly settled it... until they reached the border of Tennessee and the area now known as Tahlequah in around 1890 where the whites built the first military fort by a river. Arkansas did not exist during this time.. Arkansas was named decades later and was not a U.S. State until after the 1930s. The whites slowly built the roads and houses and cut the trees as they moved in and settled more and more west within the areas now known as Tennessee until they reached the border of what is now known as Tahlequah. It was a slow invasion from between 1850 and 1890 where the whites moved in decade after decade into livable areas by drinkable waters and areas where they could grow food and run a small farm in Tennessee and if they encountered any Native Americans they would simply kill them all or use them as slaves for work if they could make them.

How To Prove That Each Individual European Country Began Fabricating Fake History For Themselves and For Their Presence Within America ?
Each individual European country began fabricating fake histories for themselves and for their presence within different areas in America after their arrival in approximately after the year 1830 by writing books and texts with fabricated history about America in each European country. The books and the texts themselves once examined from each country such as from Spain, France, England, etc. show that each text is completely inconsistent with each other with
different dates and fabricated people, especially in texts from England. England and France would usually create completely fictitious people with fake titles of nobility and make the claim that there were battles between them and Native Americans. They would glorify the genocide of Native Americans and make it look like there were these grand battles and wars, but there weren't. All Native Americans lived by rivers where they could drink water and gather food and capture animals. Once Europeans encountered and found these places decade after decade they encountered the real Native Americans and they would simply kill them all. If a beautiful Native American woman was captured she was usually kept as a slave and shared among the white men until she had no more usefulness. Sometimes the whites would capture beautiful Native American women and would get them pregant, but not all of the children were kept due to the extreme racism of the Anglicans and the Catholics. The Anglicans were the English. The Catholics were usually the French and the Spanish and the Danish. It was usually permitted by other white men for a white man to be with a Native American woman sexually if their white wives did not know about it, but if a white woman was with a Native American man the whites would usually kill them both and the child, if there was one. Native Americans were picked up by white slavers in different areas of these places within what is now known as Tennessee and sometimes put to work to build if they could make them do it. The whites also later used black slaves when they brought them over to fight and kill resisting Native Americans after they had horses and could travel away from white encroachments.

Europeans invented completely fictitious histories for themselves within the U.S. after they began settling it more and more west. Fictitious genealogies, fictitious town histories, fictitious encounters with Native Americans, fabricated dates on when they discovered mines to mine minerals. In other words: America was invaded by Europeans decade after decade while they found and settled on livable lands and while they did that they also fabricated their own histories and killed nearly every Native American along the way. The entire U.S. history is fake and in order to prove it one must only research the mines across America. The mines are where the minerals are mined such as gold, silver, copper, iron, coal, etc. It is impossible that anyone could have lived near a mine or have discovered a mine before the 1880s because in order to mine minerals out of a mine there must be a population of people that live near the mine and who also have continuous supply of food and resources so that they have the energy and the strength and the tools to continue mining day by day, month by month and year by year. Most lands near mineral mines cannot be used to grow food and there is no drinkable water near them unless wells are dug to get water. There must also be a means to transport the minerals from the mines to ships that take the minerals back to Europe or take the minerals to places where the minerals can be worked to create things from the minerals. If the roads did not exist and if there were no train tracks and no trains to transport the minerals then we can safely conclude that no mines were discovered in Nevada until after the 1950s and no mines in Missouri were discovered until after the 1880s. Why ? Because the whites weren't there yet.

Native Americans Did Not Have Any Kind of Rights or Legal Rights ?
No. Native Americans were not considered part of God's plan in the Anglican Church and the Catholic Church. They were considered enemies of Christendom and it was viewed
by the whites that this new found land they named America was part of God's plan for the whites to settle and expand. Native Americans were not given any kind of legal rights anywhere, not even in Oklahoma. Not even up until the 1970s during the American Indian Movement. Previously Native Americans were not even permitted to go to court before the creation of Civil Rights and nearly all Native Americans were genocidally killed little by little by the Whites expanding west. Some Native Americans did mix in with whites, but very few. This means that any court records before the 1970s about Native Americans is fake and created by the U.S. Government.

The Dawes Indian Rolls Are Fake ?
Absolutely. The Dawes Indian Rolls are completely fake. It is impossible that anyone on the rolls at that point in time would be less than 1/2 Native American due to the fact of when the whites began arriving on the borders of Indian Territory in 1890. It is completely impossible that whites could write down the names of thousands of Native Americans in Indian Territory and what their "Tribe" was and how much Native American percentage in fractions that they were... when all Native Americans lived by rivers that they could drink from and with natural food and animals nearby. It's the only way anyone can survive.. including Whites if they didn't have the animals and crop seed brought with them when they built the houses where they settled.. not all areas have water in the earth. The fact that they used fractions in this system proves that it was devized by the Oklahoma State Government around or after the late 1930s to early 1940s and not before. Why ? Because of the years of the creation of the system of fractions invented in Europe was in the 1900s and the system spread by text books printed on the east coast in the 1940s... and there were no schools in Oklahoma. All schooling was taught by the family at home on their farms. Most white people in Oklahoma knew nothing of mathematics because there were no schools to teach them. Also the fact that the whites did not find and map all of Oklahoma Indian Territory until they settled it all by the 1960s proves that they didn't find them all yet. It takes decades to build towns from the ground up from the materials in the area, it takes decades to lay down train tracks, etc. You need iron and wood for train tracks and for that you need mines and you need the means to process the iron into steel and workers and food to slowly lay the tracks. It's impossible that they reached them all to write the information down that they claim between the years of 1880 and 1914. Most Oklahoma Native American Tribes / Nations are filled with Whites who do not actually have any Native American ancestry... some do, but they don't even come from the Nations they say they do. Why ? Because the Whites wiped out all of their history, language, etc. Native Americans did not have a writing system. They did not have paper to write down information or a written language. They did not write down the names of their parents and siblings. They did not record their ancestral information or genealogy or where they migrated from. The Cherokee language is a mixed language with Arab words in it and with words in it from the country of India.. invented by Czechoslovakian linguists in the 1970s. Most of those real Native American languages are dead and lost to mankind. The Native Americans did not live in the Carolinas because it's too cold in the winter time. They did not live in New York, Canada, etc. It's impossible. They only lived in some places in Tennessee, Florida, Mississippi and only where it was warm and dry enough most of the time to live.

There Are No Real Native American Nations / Tribes Outside of California, Nevada, New Mexico ?
There aren't. There is no Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians and there never was. And why ? Because it's impossible to live in that area as a Native American before European arrival. There never were any Native Americans there. Native Americans could have only lived by drinkable river water or water streams where there were animals to capture and food to gather to eat every day. If not, then that person / tribe dies from thirst and starvation. Don't forget that Native Americans did not have horses or any means of travel except for by foot before the Europeans brought the horses to America by ship after the 1830s... and it still took several years to decades for the horses to reproduce and spread out from area to area, year after year and decade after decade from the point of entry into America from the coasts on ships. One can only go so far from a river before dying and one can only walk up to 18 - 21 miles per day and one can only carry so much water and food with them in a pouch made from animal hide before they die from lack of water and food. Walking too far away from a river leads to death because of lack of water to drink. Rivers aren't everywhere. Most Native Americans that survived the White genocide in Oklahoma migrated from Oklahoma Indian Territory to the South West after the 1920s and the 1930s. Most Native Americans in Oklahoma Indian Territory that did not marry into White families migrated south to areas that are now called New Mexico walking along the rivers or died in Oklahoma Indian Territory. New Mexico was still called Mexico until about 1907 to the 1930s. Between 1900 and 1950s Oklahoma was not completely mapped by the whites because they hadn't discovered all of it yet or built towns in all of the area that is was by that decade, but later the borders of Oklahoma were above what is now called New Mexico.. it was later annexed and borders were removed. The first dirt roads for travel by vehicle began being cleared from area to area in Oklahoma after the invention of the gasoline engine in the 1930s and the manufacturing of the first vehicles, but only after the vehicles were manufactured and brought to Oklahoma and given to White families. Not all families could afford a vehicle and there were no gas stations yet. The gas stations were built after the 1940s and only in certain areas and most vehicles could only travel by cleared dirt roads that connected to each other and the vehicles could only travel at a speed of up to 30 miles per hour.. the wheels often needed to be replaced and the distance they could travel was only about 70 miles. There were no connecting roads from Oklahoma to California or from Oklahoma to New Mexico. The only people that lived in what is now called New Mexico up until about the 1920s were Native Americans.. The Mexicans who spoke Spanish went to war with the Native Americans of what is now known as New Mexico and those Native Americans were also at war with the U.S. Army until about the 1940s. Most Native American Tribes in what is now known as New Mexico previously before the 1970s did not have "Reservation Land"... it was through the American Indian Movement of the 1970s when Native Americans organized to secure deals with the U.S. Government to get Native American Tribal Land Allotments. Many of the Native Americans in New Mexico today are not from the areas that are claimed... much of the history is invented by them and much of it is also invented by Whites, but New Mexico is actually the only U.S. State that has Native American Tribal Land Allotments and actually recognizes the Native American. There are no real "Indian Reservations / Native American Reservation Lands" outside of New Mexico State today.

The Cherokee and Choctaw Nations Are Fake ?
Absolutely. Cherokee and Choctaw were not the real Native American words that referred to those real Native Americans that fought the whites in Tennessee and Oklahoma and died. There was a fusion of languages of the people which means that they mixed and this means they were the same kind of people after that point in time ( I won't say when ). The fact that there are 2 different tribal governments... one "Cherokee" and one "Choctaw" proves it was invented by the Oklahoma State Government ? Why ? Because they're same Native Americans after 1700 and this means the Oklahoma State Government doesn't know the true history because the whites killed them all. Those people mixed blood at different times in different areas. The languages are even fake and have Arab words in them and words in them from India. It was invented by the Oklahoma State Government. The whites killed every "Cherokee / Choctaw" in Tennessee between the 1850s and the 1920s. The people who are members of these "Nations" today might be part Native American, but they do not descend from those specific Native Americans because the whites killed them all. They also add and remove names from the rolls even today and the fact that they do that also proves that it is fake. The "Indian Removal Act" also permitted all whites to genocide all Native Americans anyway and they did.

The Fictitious Cherokee and Choctaw Nations Are Fake, Now The Names Are Used By Whites To Make Money ?
Absolutely. The Cherokee and Choctaw "Nations" are completely fake and filled with Whites who have absolutely no Native American ancestry at all. The names and the phrases are used by the whites to make money. The Whites killed every
Native American that was called "Cherokee" and "Choctaw" by the Whites between the 1850s to the 1960s. The system that was created by the Oklahoma State Government about this proves that it is 100% fake because think about it: If there are 2 completely different "Native American Nations" where one is called "Cherokee" and the other is called "Choctaw" and each have its own different "Tribal Government" and each one issues a "Native American Card" that only says "Cherokee Nation" or "Choctaw Nation" that alone proves that it is fake because how can it be 2 completely different people when all of the Native Americans that were called "Cherokee" and "Choctaw" by the Whites actually mixed blood as far back as 1700... if they did then that means that they are the same people. Now today the "Cherokee Newspaper" issues more phony histories now claiming recently that the "Spanish Indians" were part of the "Cherokee Nation" in the 1800s. This is impossible because there were no Spanish speakers in Missouri or Mississippi or Oklahoma and no Native Americans of these areas were ever called anything by any Spanish speakers. How do I know this information ? Because my great grandmother was part Native American from Oklahoma and my grandfather was probably about 1/2 Native American from Oklahoma who traveled to Kern County, California in the Dust Bowl of Oklahoma. There were never any people called "Cherokee" or "Choctaw" anyway.. it was invented by the Whites. The Whites actually called every Native American they saw at the creeks and the rivers "Creek Indians".

When Did The Europeans Actually Discover America ?

How To Prove Wrong 99% of White History Within America 
