Carolyn Joyce Wood

Born 1940 in the State of Oklahoma to Georgia Hiawatha Jennings-Rolufs and Ralph Samuel Wood-Stokely. She was the eldest of only 2 daughter of Georgia Hiawatha Jennings-Rolufs and Ralph Samuel Wood-Stokely.

More about Carolyn Joyce Wood-Jennings

Carolyn was raised on the Jennings Family Farm in the U.S. State of Oklahoma before being moved to the U.S. State of California. She married Dale Eugene Edwards and had 3 children. She later married Raymond Barber / Barbour and has 1 child. She married a third time with no children in her third marriage and she retained the Glass name.

The marriages she received after her divorce from Dale Eugene Edwards are considered invalid by the Catholic Church and are only considered valid in the Protestant Churches that her husbands belonged to.

Carolyn worked for the Sheriff's Department in Kern County right under Sheriff Carl Sparks and she later worked for the DHS. She retired from the DHS in ~2002 and traveled the Country living in Coastal Carolina, Oklahoma State and Washington State. She mostly lived in Southern California living in Bakersfield, California and Los Angeles, California.

She didn't do very well financially or health wise while living in Coastal Carolina. She moved to Washington State and bought a nice house and then she sold it and came back to California due to health complications.

My Grandmother was the coolest Grandma. My cousins and myself were Grandma's boys. We went with her everywhere and we were partly raised up by her. She was a strong Catholic woman who was a Catholic of the Latin Rite and of the French historical cultural tradition of that Rite as was her mother.

She would play video games with us and she saved our necks more than once. She loved fishing, Early Classical Rock and Old Timey Country music.

On most days she would get up early and make everyone an Oklahoman breakfast, fried okra, fried green tomatoes, biscuits and gravy, eggs and sausage. She loved her Grandmother's Farm the Stokely Family Farm and she always said good things about it. She was incredibly smart.

I have direct knowledge that she is now in the Church Triumphant with God and I encourage all relatives to read the story I wrote that proves it, the evidence for the proofs were collected and shown to the Resident Priest. The Miracles that occurred after her death cannot be denied. Logically any Christian that sees Heaven immediately after the death of the body is a Saint and this is backed by Scripture, Catholic Church Teachings and numerous other things. Sparrows appeared numerous times before her death as well.

According to the Church a Catholic that dies in Christ is dead until Resurrection and to keep it a short explanation that Catholic then either sees Paradise after a cleansing known as Purgatory or immediately Heaven depending on the life and the type of death of that Catholic ( only a Saint can see Heaven ! ), but there was a miracle that occurred after her death and there were witnesses that saw this miracle ! Some of the witnesses who saw this miracle were not aware of the previous occurrence while she was still alive !

Her Parish Priest was told about the Miracles and they were being investigated according to the type of miracle. Two Sparrows appeared in the house after she died. The sparrows had come into the house by wiggling through the gap in the metal gate in front of the door, and once they were in the house they displayed some very interesting behavior. One of the sparrows flew up to each of the people in the house and this was observed by and confirmed by family members who gave eyewitness testimony of the event. There were other symbols of sparrows long before her death.

When I was younger in my Grandmother's house while she was still alive this had happened before, but the sparrow only flew into the house after she would say " God knows the number of hairs on your head, Christopher !" In my observation this is a personal message that is tied to a scripture reading, which is something she had always told all of us while she was still alive. This is seen in the Book of Matthew, the Apostle of Jesus Christ, Chapter 10.

In some of her belongings I found correspondence between her and Saint Mother Teresa of Calcutta, 2 handwritten letters from Mother Teresa to my Grandmother thanking her for her continued charity as well as numerous other handwritten letters from other Sisters of the Order. The handwritten letters and typed letters have Saint Mother Teresa's handwritten signature. There are also 4 typed letters with Mother Teresa's Signature. She had joined their "Third Order". In total there are 24 different letters. Other significant Catholic Church relics were also found such as relics belonging to different Saints of the Catholic Church.

By my estimation based on receipts I found and a box of the letters from different charities I think about $50,000 or more was given to Catholic Charities from my Grandmother throughout her later years. I have taken pictures of the letters and typed letters and put them on my Ancestry webpage so if any relatives want to see them they are there. There are also other items that were in her belongings that are considered relics by the Church. She also met in person like others Pope John Paul II upon his official visit to Saint Francis Parish in Downtown Bakersfield, California in the early 2000s and received blessings into a relic.

Her and her friend Zelda are known to have called and talked with the head of the Anglican Church the Queen of England on the phone.

Carolyn wanted her ashes to be spread on her Grandmother Allie Stokely's Farm in Oklahoma State, but we are going to have a stone memorial for her put next to her mother in Hillcrest Memorial Park in addition to that. The Catholic Church approved of Cremations for Catholics in ~1963.

My Grandmother gave the wettest kisses and I can still remember the feel of them to this day!

Memorable sayings of my Grandma when she got pissed off "Jesus, Mary and Joseph!", "Oh Fie!", "Shit fire in Hell's half acre!"

She died months after a heart surgery, December 8th 2014 ( which is a Holy Day ) in Bakersfield, California and her Funeral Mass was held at her Catholic Parish and all of her loving family attended. The date on the Death Registry row at her Parish is inaccurate and will be updated. Originally she wanted her body parts to be displayed in thin screens in a museum, but we talked her out that. She was cremated at Mish Funeral Home ( We couldn't talk her out of it and she wasn't supposed to be cremated because original Catholicism does not permit Cremations ). She will be laid to rest on top of her Mother's grave in the Hillcrest Memorial Park in Bakersfield, California.

More information about her can be found on the Ancestry.com pages for her. If you need to get copies of her Birth, Baptismal, Confirmation, Holy Communion, Marriage, Death Certificates they are there.

Searchable Hashes
#Frisia #Frisian #Catholic #Carmelite

(C) Copyright Gary Christopher Johnson
The information on this page cannot be copied or re-posted anywhere without my express verbal permission seen over fresh live vide
